About the job
Responsibilities


Build and maintain a scalable and secure infrastructure for cloud operations.
Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines to ensure proper software delivery to production.
Work closely with Cloud Engineering and QA teams to ensure both CI/CD pipelines and monitored systems meet project requirements.
Create automation tools to streamline product development processes and reporting (sprint status, project health, part tracking, cost modeling, etc.).
Develop and maintain monitoring solutions that ensure proper application and infrastructure functionality.
Help our Software Development teams achieve best-in-class practices, tools, and frameworks to allow the organization to quickly bring high quality products to market.
Act as a potential point of contact for our Consumer Contact Center to help resolve occasional problems requiring escalation into engineering for backend support.
Coordinate with Product Marketing to quickly pull together usage or performance data to answer non-recurring questions.
Assist with alpha and beta testing of software by leveraging remote monitoring tools to assist with deployment, monitoring, and overall internal support.

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or a related field is required.
Minimum of 3 years of experience in development and operations environments performing software DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering roles is required.
Previous experience with software development, infrastructure development, or development and operations.
Experience programming in one or more of the following languages: Python, Java, Node.JS, Javascript, TypeScript, Go, and Swift/Objective C.
Understanding of modern development and deployment patterns.
Familiar with Sprints and Agile design philosophies and defect management tool automation (e.g. Jira).
Experience with standard CI/CD pipeline products (e.g. Jenkins, AWS Code Pipeline, Azure DevOps, GitLab, Concourse) and version control tools (e.g. Perforce, Git).
Familiar with serverless deployment (e.g. CloudFormation, Terraform, etc) and Infrastructure as Code.
Experience building, supporting, and maintaining cloud infrastructure in AWS and Google Cloud including security considerations.
Experience with serverless methodologies (AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, Amazon Cognito, Amazon API Gateway) as well as container orchestration systems like Kubernetes, AWS ECS, Docker Swarm, and Linux.
Comfortable working with production and other development environments with an appropriately level of care.
Strong interpersonal skills including creative thinking, clear communication, collaboration, and teamwork.
Possess good problem solving skills, attention to detail, a continuous improvement mindset, and a strong drive to help a high performing team excel and bring innovative ideas and products to market.

